!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_OUTPUT_MODE	u-ctags	/u-ctags or e-ctags/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Universal Ctags Team	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Universal Ctags	/Derived from Exuberant Ctags/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	https://ctags.io/	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	0.0.0	/45968eff/
ArcBall	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	public ArcBall(PApplet parent) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall
ArcBall	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	public ArcBall(float center_x, float center_y, float center_z,$/;"	m	class:ArcBall
ArcBall	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^public class ArcBall {$/;"	c
Computations	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Computations.java	/^public class Computations {$/;"	c
Jama_Matrix	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^	public Jama_Matrix(Jama.Matrix MM) {$/;"	m	class:Jama_Matrix
Jama_Matrix	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^	public Jama_Matrix(double[][] array) {$/;"	m	class:Jama_Matrix
Jama_Matrix	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^public class Jama_Matrix implements Matrix {$/;"	c
M	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^	Jama.Matrix M;$/;"	f	class:Jama_Matrix
Matrix	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Matrix.java	/^public interface Matrix {$/;"	i
MeshViewer	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^public class MeshViewer extends PApplet{$/;"	c
Pair	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Pair.java	/^	public Pair(K fst, V snd){$/;"	m	class:Pair
Pair	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Pair.java	/^public class Pair<K, V>{$/;"	c
Quat	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		Quat() {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Quat
Quat	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		Quat(float w, float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Quat
Quat	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	static class Quat {$/;"	c	class:ArcBall
RigidTransformation	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/RigidTransformation.java	/^	public void RigidTransformation(){\/\/some constraints in parameters$/;"	m	class:RigidTransformation
RigidTransformation	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/RigidTransformation.java	/^public class RigidTransformation {$/;"	c
Rotation_3	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^	public Rotation_3(Matrix M, double[][] array){$/;"	m	class:Rotation_3
Rotation_3	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^	public Rotation_3(Matrix m) {$/;"	m	class:Rotation_3
Rotation_3	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^public class Rotation_3 {$/;"	c
SurfaceMesh	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public SurfaceMesh(MeshViewer view, String filename) {$/;"	m	class:SurfaceMesh
SurfaceMesh	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^public class SurfaceMesh {$/;"	c
Test	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Test.java	/^public class Test {$/;"	c
Utils	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Pair.java	/^package Utils;$/;"	p
Utils	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^package Utils;$/;"	p
Vec3	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		Vec3() {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Vec3
Vec3	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		Vec3(float x, float y, float z) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Vec3
Vec3	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	static class Vec3 {$/;"	c	class:ArcBall
VertRotMap	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/RigidTransformation.java	/^	public HashMap<Vertex, Rotation_3> VertRotMap;$/;"	f	class:RigidTransformation
applyQuat2Matrix	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	void applyQuat2Matrix(Quat q) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall
arap-surface-modeling	README.md	/^# arap-surface-modeling$/;"	c
axis	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	int axis;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
axisSet	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	Vec3[] axisSet;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
center_x	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	float center_x, center_y, center_z, radius;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
center_y	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	float center_x, center_y, center_z, radius;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
center_z	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	float center_x, center_y, center_z, radius;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
compose	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^	public Rotation_3 compose(Rotation_3 t) {$/;"	m	class:Rotation_3
computeScaleFactor	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public double computeScaleFactor() {$/;"	m	class:SurfaceMesh
constrain_vector	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	Vec3 constrain_vector(Vec3 vector, Vec3 axis) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall
cross	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		static Vec3 cross(Vec3 v1, Vec3 v2) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Vec3
display	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^package display;$/;"	p
display	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^package display;$/;"	p
display	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^package display;import Jcg.geometry.*;$/;"	p
dot	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		static float dot(Vec3 v1, Vec3 v2) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Vec3
draw	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public void draw() {$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
draw	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public void draw(int type) {$/;"	m	class:SurfaceMesh
drawAxis	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public void drawAxis() {$/;"	m	class:SurfaceMesh
drawFace	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public void drawFace(Face<Point_3> f) {$/;"	m	class:SurfaceMesh
drawSegment	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public void drawSegment(Point_3 p, Point_3 q) {$/;"	m	class:SurfaceMesh
drawTriangle	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public void drawTriangle(Point_3 p, Point_3 q, Point_3 r) {$/;"	m	class:SurfaceMesh
drawVertex	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public void drawVertex(Point_3 p) {$/;"	m	class:SurfaceMesh
filename	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^	String filename="OFF\/letter_a.off";$/;"	f	class:MeshViewer
first	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Pair.java	/^	private K first;$/;"	f	class:Pair	file:
get	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^	public double get(int i, int j){$/;"	m	class:Jama_Matrix
get	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Matrix.java	/^	public double get(int i, int j);$/;"	m	interface:Matrix
getBi	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/RigidTransformation.java	/^	public Point_3 getBi(Vertex i){$/;"	m	class:RigidTransformation
getCovarianceMatrix	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Computations.java	/^	Matrix getCovarianceMatrix(Matrix M, Halfedge<Point_3> h, Halfedge<Point_3> hPrime) {$/;"	m	class:Computations
getFirst	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Pair.java	/^	public K getFirst(){$/;"	m	class:Pair
getHalfedgeRotation	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Computations.java	/^	Rotation_3 getHalfedgeRotation(Matrix S, Halfedge<Point_3> h) {$/;"	m	class:Computations
getMatrix	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^	public Matrix getMatrix(){$/;"	m	class:Rotation_3
getMatrix	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^	public Jama_Matrix getMatrix(double[][] array) {$/;"	m	class:Jama_Matrix
getMatrix	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Matrix.java	/^	public Matrix getMatrix(double[][] array);$/;"	m	interface:Matrix
getNeighbors	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Computations.java	/^	static ArrayList<Halfedge<Point_3>> getNeighbors(Halfedge<Point_3> h) {$/;"	m	class:Computations
getOppositeAngle	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Computations.java	/^	double getOppositeAngle(Halfedge<Point_3> h) {$/;"	m	class:Computations
getSVD	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^	public Pair<Matrix, Matrix> getSVD() {$/;"	m	class:Jama_Matrix
getSVD	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Matrix.java	/^	public Pair<Matrix, Matrix> getSVD();$/;"	m	interface:Matrix
getSecond	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Pair.java	/^	public V getSecond(){$/;"	m	class:Pair
getTranspose	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Matrix.java	/^	public Matrix getTranspose();$/;"	m	interface:Matrix
getValue	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		float[] getValue() {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Quat
getWeight	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Computations.java	/^	double getWeight(Halfedge<Point_3> h) {$/;"	m	class:Computations
getWeightsArray	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Computations.java	/^	static HashMap<Halfedge<Point_3>, Double> getWeightsArray(Halfedge<Point_3> h, ArrayList<Halfed/;"	m	class:Computations
incrx	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public double incrx=0.;$/;"	f	class:SurfaceMesh
incrxMoins	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public void incrxMoins(double incr){$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
incrxPlus	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public void incrxPlus(double incr){$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
incry	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public double incry=0.;$/;"	f	class:SurfaceMesh
incryMoins	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public void incryMoins(double incr){$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
incryPlus	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public void incryPlus(double incr){$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
incrz	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public double incrz=0.;$/;"	f	class:SurfaceMesh
incrzMoins	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public void incrzMoins(double incr){$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
incrzPlus	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public void incrzPlus(double incr){$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
keyPressed	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public void keyPressed(){$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
length	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		float length() {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Vec3
m	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^	Matrix m;$/;"	f	class:Rotation_3
main	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Test.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args){$/;"	m	class:Test
main	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public static void main(String args[]) {$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
matrixPkg	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^package matrixPkg;$/;"	p
matrixPkg	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Matrix.java	/^package matrixPkg;$/;"	p
mesh	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^	SurfaceMesh mesh; \/\/ 3d surface mesh$/;"	f	class:MeshViewer
mouseDragged	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	public void mouseDragged() {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall
mouseEvent	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	public void mouseEvent(MouseEvent event) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall
mousePressed	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	public void mousePressed() {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall
mouse_to_sphere	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	Vec3 mouse_to_sphere(float x, float y) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall
mul	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		static Quat mul(Quat q1, Quat q2) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Quat
mul	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		static Vec3 mul(Vec3 v, float d) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Vec3
normalize	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		void normalize() {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Vec3
parent	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	PApplet parent;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
plus	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^	public Matrix plus(Matrix B) {$/;"	m	class:Jama_Matrix
plus	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Matrix.java	/^	public Matrix plus(Matrix B);$/;"	m	interface:Matrix
polyhedron3D	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/RigidTransformation.java	/^	public Polyhedron_3<Point_3> polyhedron3D;$/;"	f	class:RigidTransformation
polyhedron3D	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public Polyhedron_3<Point_3> polyhedron3D; \/\/ triangle mesh$/;"	f	class:SurfaceMesh
pre	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	public void pre() {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall
q_down	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	Quat q_now, q_down, q_drag;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
q_drag	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	Quat q_now, q_down, q_drag;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
q_now	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	Quat q_now, q_down, q_drag;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
radius	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	float center_x, center_y, center_z, radius;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
renderModes	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^	int renderModes=2; \/\/ number of rendering modes$/;"	f	class:MeshViewer
renderType	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^	int renderType=0; \/\/ choice of type of rendering$/;"	f	class:MeshViewer
reset	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		void reset() {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Quat
rotationAxisX	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^	public static Rotation_3 rotationAxisX(Matrix M, double theta) {$/;"	m	class:Rotation_3
rotationAxisY	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^	public static Rotation_3 rotationAxisY(double theta) {$/;"	m	class:Rotation_3
rotationAxisZ	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^	public static Rotation_3 rotationAxisZ(double theta) {$/;"	m	class:Rotation_3
round	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public static double round(double x, int precision) {$/;"	m	class:SurfaceMesh
runtime	project_workspace/.metadata/version.ini	/^org.eclipse.core.runtime=1/;"	k
scaleFactor	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	double scaleFactor=60; \/\/ scaling factor: useful for 3d rendering$/;"	f	class:SurfaceMesh
second	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Pair.java	/^	private V second;$/;"	f	class:Pair	file:
set	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		void set(Quat q) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Quat
set	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		void set(float w, Vec3 v) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Quat
setFirst	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Pair.java	/^	public void setFirst(K fst){$/;"	m	class:Pair
setSecond	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Pair.java	/^	public void setSecond(V snd){$/;"	m	class:Pair
setup	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^	public void setup() {$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
sub	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		void sub(Vec3 v1, Vec3 v2) {$/;"	m	class:ArcBall.Vec3
times	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^	public Jama_Matrix times(double s) {$/;"	m	class:Jama_Matrix
times	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Jama_Matrix.java	/^	public Matrix times(Matrix B) {$/;"	m	class:Jama_Matrix
times	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Matrix.java	/^	public Matrix times(Matrix B);$/;"	m	interface:Matrix
times	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/matrixPkg/Matrix.java	/^	public Matrix times(double s);$/;"	m	interface:Matrix
transform	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/Utils/Rotation_3.java	/^	public Point_3 transform(Point_3 p) {$/;"	m	class:Rotation_3
updateScaleFactor	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public void updateScaleFactor() {$/;"	m	class:SurfaceMesh
v_down	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	Vec3 v_down, v_drag;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
v_drag	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^	Vec3 v_down, v_drag;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall
view	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	MeshViewer view; \/\/ Processing 3d frame (where meshes are rendered)$/;"	f	class:SurfaceMesh
w	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		float w, x, y, z;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall.Quat
weightij	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/RigidTransformation.java	/^	public HashMap<Vertex<Point_3>, HashMap<Vertex<Point_3>, Double>> weightij; \/\/ Hashmap<i, Has/;"	f	class:RigidTransformation
x	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		float w, x, y, z;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall.Quat
x	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		float x, y, z;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall.Vec3
y	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		float w, x, y, z;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall.Quat
y	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		float x, y, z;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall.Vec3
z	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		float w, x, y, z;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall.Quat
z	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/ArcBall.java	/^		float x, y, z;$/;"	f	class:ArcBall.Vec3
zoom	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/SurfaceMesh.java	/^	public double zoom=1.; \/\/ for scaling the drawing$/;"	f	class:SurfaceMesh
zoomIn	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public void zoomIn() {$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
zoomOut	project_workspace/arapSurfaceModeling/src/display/MeshViewer.java	/^		public void zoomOut() {$/;"	m	class:MeshViewer
